While building my first Express app using Node.js, GitHub (via terminal), and MongoDB, I learned how to create a full-stack web application from scratch. I gained hands-on experience with setting up server routes using Express, connecting to a MongoDB database to store and retrieve movie reviews, and using Git for version control and collaboration. This project helped me understand the workflow of developing and deploying a backend application, and it gave me a strong foundation in using key tools in modern web development. I also learned valuable lessons in how to work with a group, especially since my group members kind of dropped the ball forcing me to complete most of the project alone, it taught me how important teamwork is for a functioning group because with teamwork we would have had a much better product and I wouldn't have had to stress over completing front end and full-stack work on top of my backend duties. While this was tough it did help me understand how Web services and Api's generally work and made me a better coder over all. I was able to work with my partner Matthew regularly throughout the project who had a lot of difficulty understanding his part but once I worked with him he eventually helped a lot in building some important pages for the project. Think this helped me learn how to work with a team and guide the members that need further support which I think will be very valuable going forward. I further would like to learn how to rally my team to participate as after repeated efforts from Matthew and myself, Rami and Jason did not want to seriously participate in the project until the last week of the assignment in which I helped them set up their local server clients, mongoDB shell, and GitHub terminals for the first time. As they were barley getting started me and Mathew had to essentially complete their parts to get the project done and that is something that I want to learn to avoid in the future. I also learned more about commit errors in GitHub which I never experienced as I only had solo projects. 